We believe that the community of students who are taking
this nanodegree are doing more than just getting
themselves ready to enter the quant trading industry.
You and your community of classmates are helping us to
prove that talent exists in every corner of the world.
I have to admit that from the outside of the finance world there's a sense that
banking and finance tends to be more suited for students from elite universities,
but when we step inside the financial industry,
we actually see that there are people from all kinds of backgrounds,
former nonprofit policy analysts,
chemists, and also very successful people who never got a college degree.
So, I think that your community of classmates are collectively setting out to prove
that no matter where you're from or what your parents did or what school you went to,
you have the capability to find Alpha.